[Music]
just a movie
you see Natalie lots not a fairytale
girls like us don't get that oh why look
in the mirror doll when though Julia
Roberts
every day is payday swipe my card you
don't love me
Natalie saying that romantic comedies
are about all those maybes allows that
to terrible pop songs I think people
would have an easier time seeing you if
you were a little more open okay I'm
Jack Natalie
where am i during the emergency this is
an emergency room this is at Williamson
i'ma take them away downtown it looks
like somebody's what a beauty filter
across New York City and I win one
what's your emergency
someone's broken into my apartment and
they've taken everything and replaced it
all with much nicer stuff so your
emergency is that your apartment is too
big and you have every shoe you could
ever want yeah exactly that's what I
yeah did you get mad you go crazy I hit
my head really hard and I woke up in
this alternate universe and now I have a
gay sidekick this setting gay rights
back like a hundred years of love
working the legs and guys look at me in
the eyes you're caught beguiling aren't
you are you feeling what I'm feeling I'm
trapped enough economy
okay boots what's the update I have to
get a man to fall in love with it I'm
Josh he's such a beautiful name
[Music]
good morning beautiful last night was
amazing I didn't think we actually did
anything I just cut to the next morning
well just get back here okay good
morning beautiful last night was amazing
Natalie I love
[Music]